Updated Monitoring and Logging info (#51761)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/debug/monitoring/_index.md

---
title: "Monitoring in Kubernetes"
description: Monitoring kubernetes system components.
weight: 20
---

> This doc contains a set of resources describing monitoring in kubernates. It will help in information like how to collect system metrics and traces in Kubernetes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This page provides resources that describe monitoring in Kubernetes. You can learn how to collect system metrics and traces for Kubernetes system components:
```
